1) MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows.
 Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks. 
 MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio, 
 such as automatic code completion, source control, a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer. 
 MonoDevelop integrates a Gtk# GUI designer called Stetic. It supports C#, F#, Java, Boo, Visual Basic.NET, Oxygene, CIL, Python, Vala, C and C++.
 
 2) Geany is a lightweight cross-platform GTK+ text editor based on Scintilla and including basic Integrated Development Environment (IDE) features.
 It is designed to have short load times, with limited dependency on separate packages or external libraries. 
 It is available for a wide range of operating systems, such as BSD, Linux, Mac OS X, Solaris and Windows. 
 Among the supported programming languages and markup languages are:
 C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, PHP, HTML, LaTeX, CSS, Python, Perl, Ruby, Pascal, Haskell, Erlang, Vala and many others.
 
 3) Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE) containing a suite of software development tools developed by Apple
 for developing software for OS X and iOS. First released in 2003, the latest stable release is version 5.0 
 and is available via the Mac App Store free of charge for Mac OS X Lion and OS X Mountain Lion users
 
 4)  Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system 
 for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. 
 By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: 
 Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Perl, PHP, Python, R, Ruby, Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang.
 
 5) Anjuta is an integrated development environment written for the GNOME project.
 It has support for the C, C++, Java, JavaScript, Python and Vala computer programming languages.
 It comes standard on base installation DVDs of major Linux distributions such as Ubuntu,openSUSE, Fedora, and Mandriva Linux.